
Copyright 2012 by The Board of Trustees of the Leland Stanford
Junior University. All rights reserved.

Disclaimer Notice

The items furnished herewith were developed under the sponsorship
of the U.S. Government.  Neither the U.S., nor the U.S. D.O.E.,
nor the Leland Stanford Junior University, nor their employees,
makes any warranty, express or implied, or assumes any
liability or responsibility for accuracy, completeness or
usefulness of any information, apparatus, product or process
disclosed, or represents that its use will not infringe
privately owned rights.  Mention of any product, its
manufacturer, or suppliers shall not, nor is it intended to,
imply approval, disapproval, or fitness for any particular use.
The U.S. and the University at all times retain the right to use
and disseminate the furnished items for any purpose whatsoever.

Permission Notice

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the Software), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following
conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

The software is provided as is, without warranty of any kind,
express or implied, including but not limited to the warranties
of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and
noninfringement. In no event shall the authors or copyright
holders be liable for any claim, damages or other liability,
whether in an action of contract, tort or otherwise, arising
from, out of or in connection with the Software or the use or
other dealings in the Software.
